Recover recordings after unexpected exit/crash (#899)
wulkano/Kap: docs/plugins.md

- `didStartRecording`: Function that is called after the recording starts. [Read more below.](#hooks)
- `didStopRecording`: Function that is called after the recording stops. [Read more below.](#hooks)
- `willEnable`: Function that is called when the user enables the service. [Read more below.](#hooks)

> - `cleanUp`: Function that is called if Kap exits unexpectedly, without the `didStopRecording` hook being called. This hook will only receive the `persistedState` object from the `state` passed to the rest of the hooks. Use this to clean up any effects introduced when the recording started and don't automatically clear out once Kap stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cleanUp`: Function that is called if Kap exited unexpectedly last time it was run (for example, if it crashed), without the `didStopRecording` hook being called. This hook will only receive the `persistedState` object from the `state` passed to the rest of the hooks. Use this to clean up any effects introduced when the recording started and don't automatically clear out once Kap stops.
```

Maybe also provide a practical example of what it can be used for?

The hook functions receive a `context` argument with some metadata and utility methods.

- `.state`: An object that will be shared and passed to all hooks in the same recording process. It can be useful to persist data between the different hooks.

>     - `state.persistedState`: An object under `state` which should only contain serializable fields. It will be passed to the `cleanUp` hook if Kap doesn't shut down correctly. Use this to store fields necessary to clean up remaining effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `state.persistedState`: An object under `state` which should only contain serializable fields. It will be passed to the `cleanUp` hook if Kap didn't shut down correctly last time it was run. Use this to store fields necessary to clean up remaining effects.
```
